TVW September 2017
This all began because the CASA task imview doesn't work right.
For some dumb reason, each time you run this task to generate an
image, the image gets a few pixels longer in the y-direction. So
after a few hundred iterations, the images are ridiculously long.
A new strategy...

I decided to output the images in fits files, then use astropy and
matplotlib to generate images, but within CASA. Unfortunately, CASA
does not come bundled with astropy, and the version of matplotlib is
so out of date that we couldn't use astropy WCS projection.

I tested using:
import pip
pip.main(['install','astropy','--user'])

which worked fine. This installs astropy locally (~/.local/lib/)
and, since this is the only astropy in the CASA PYTHONPATH, it works
fine.

I was not so lucky with matplotlib. I tried to use the same method to
update matplotlib to the latest version:

import pip
pip.main(['install','matplotlib','--user','--upgrade'])

which worked as it should. The CASA PYTHONPATH, however, puts the
CASA directories FIRST, so the CASA version of the outdated matplotlib
is the one that is used. I experimented with changing the PYTHONPATH
system variable in my .bashrc file, but when you start NRAO CASA it
PREPENDS the CASA directories instead of APPENDING them. I eventually
found a hack that worked, but it was such a pain in the ass that I
decided to try a different method.

I downloaded CASA version 5.0.0-218 to my home directory, installed
it, then installed and updated astropy and matplotlib, respectively.
Since I was running my own local copy of CASA, I didn't need to
specify the '--user' argument to pip - I'm allowed to install/update
these packages right in the CASA library.

import pip
pip.main(['install','pip','--upgrade'])
pip.main(['install','astropy','--upgrade'])
pip.main(['install','matplotlib','--upgrade'])

After about 6 hours of putting around with astropy+matplotlib, I give
up. The things I tried to do that wouldn't work:
1. put beam on TOP of everything else (i.e. grid)
2. add colorbar to WCS axes
Both of these things failed with no apparent solution after hours
of Googling.

Alright, I got the colorbar working. Solution to beam problem
was to remove grid. Works for now.
